AST-1893 - Fix: Show password option is not visible on My Account page (#4541)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Customizer range slider control not accepting decimal values for 'em' unit.
- Fix: WooCommerce - Dropdown icon cart link is not redirect to cart page.
- Fix: WooCommerce - Single Product - Flex CSS conflicting with third party plugins which adds custom functionality aside add-to-cart button.

> - Fix: Woocommerce - Show password option is not visible on My Account page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: WooCommerce - Show password eye icon is not visible on My Account page.
```
